Leadership Mastery involves five key practices Unlearning Thinking beyond refer-
ence
answers Focus Pattern recognition Deep transfer Utilize the Four Learning
Questions What did you hear What did you think What
did it turn into Where can you apply it Embark
on a 1000-hour English practice plan Translate thoughts into English
listen mimic read aloud and repeat Commit to at least
three hours daily maintaining sustained focus Consider waking up two
hours early and dedicating one hour at night Submit daily
assignments one document two audio files first reading and final
recitation This serves as proof of your future workload